docs/falix/general/getting-started.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  "Getting Started"
nav_order: 1
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/getting-started/
tags: Falix
---
# Signing Up
## Signing up for Discord
We use Discord as our preferred authorization method, you're required to register an account on Discord. To register an account on Discord, you'll need to provide an email, username, password for Discord along with setting your date of birth. After filling in the required information, check your email inbox for a verification email and verify your account.

## Signing up for Falix
<img width="100" style="float: right;" src="https://help.falixnodes.net/assets/images/client-login.gif">

 On our client panel, simply click on the button that says “Discord” and log in with your Discord account. Once done, you should be on our Client Panel and you should also see our server on your Discord.

# Being Part of our Discord Server
## Keeping a Safe Community
By being on our Discord server, you're agreeing to follow our rules, Discord's [Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms) and [Community Guidelines](https://discord.com/guidelines) to keep our members safe!
## Creating a Ticket
To create a ticket, go to the [ticket-center channel](https://discord.com/channels/710503370187735160/829724528095526952/) which will be found at the bottom of the channels list under the Support category. Send `=new` to create a new ticket.

Once our bot creates a ticket for you, a new channel should of visible to you at the bottom of the channels list. You'll use to this channel to talk to our support team and staff members. Only our support team and staff members will see your ticket and no one else, so any private information provided by you is safe.

# Creating a Server
On our Client Panel, you can create a server by using the Create Server button found on the left sidebar. Fill in the name you would like to call your server, amount of memory, and a location for where you want your server to be. Once the server is created, it will start installing (usually takes a couple of minutes). To gain access to features like console, file manager, databases, and more you need to head over to our Game Panel.

# Getting to Know the User Interface
The client panel where you will manage your server's resources, controlling the number of resources like CPU, memory, databases, ports, and more. Here in the Client Panel, you can also create servers and obtain your panel login information.

Commit message:

Mention new "Creating a Ticket" article

docs/falix/general/getting-started.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  "Getting Started"
nav_order: 1
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/getting-started/
tags: Falix
---
# Signing Up
## Signing up for Discord
We use Discord as our preferred authorization method, you're required to register an account on Discord. To register an account on Discord, you'll need to provide an email, username, password for Discord along with setting your date of birth. After filling in the required information, check your email inbox for a verification email and verify your account.

## Signing up for Falix
<img width="100" style="float: right;" src="https://help.falixnodes.net/assets/images/client-login.gif">

 On our client panel, simply click on the button that says “Discord” and log in with your Discord account. Once done, you should be on our Client Panel and you should also see our server on your Discord.

# Being Part of our Discord Server
## Keeping a Safe Community
By being on our Discord server, you're agreeing to follow our rules, Discord's [Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms) and [Community Guidelines](https://discord.com/guidelines) to keep our members safe!

## Creating a Ticket
We've created a new article for this, [view here](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/creating-a-ticket).

# Creating a Server
On our Client Panel, you can create a server by using the Create Server button found on the left sidebar. Fill in the name you would like to call your server, amount of memory, and a location for where you want your server to be. Once the server is created, it will start installing (usually takes a couple of minutes). To gain access to features like console, file manager, databases, and more you need to head over to our Game Panel.

You can view more about creating a Minecraft server [here](https://help.falixnodes.net/minecraft/general/getting-started/).
