docs/falix/general/troubleshooting.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  "Troubleshooting"
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/troubleshooting/
tags: Falix
---

In Progress
{: .label .label-yellow }

# Troubleshooting
## BungeeCord IP Forwarding
Error Message: If you wish to use IP forwarding, please enable it in your BungeeCord config as well!
If this error appears when attempting to connect to your BungeeCord server, you should then edit the configuration file in your proxy server.

Edit the __config.yml__ file, make sure that **ip_forward** is set to **true**.

Simply restart the proxy server upon saving the configuration.

# Errors
## Server Creation Error
There are a vast array of reasons why you may be unable to create a new server.

### Resource Limitation
You may not have enough resources left to create a server which may be caused by the limit of RAM, CPU cores, server slots, etc.

### Node is at Full Compacity
The node for the location you've preferred might have been full.

### Server Creation is Disabled
For the time being, we may have disabled server creation. Simply refer to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/FalixNode) announcements channel.

## Connection Issue
Every now and then you may see an error that says "We're having some trouble connecting to your server, please wait...".
You'll have to keep refreshing the page or wait until the connection is established.

Commit message:

Add information on corrupted bungeecord.jar file

docs/falix/general/troubleshooting.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  "Troubleshooting"
parent: General
grand_parent: Falix
permalink: /falix/general/troubleshooting/
tags: Falix
---

In Progress
{: .label .label-yellow }

# Troubleshooting
## Corrupted Bungeecord JAR File
Delete the __bungeecord.jar__ and __bungeecord.server__ file in your file manager, then upload the __BungeeCord.jar__ file from the official [Jenkins](https://ci.md-5.net/job/BungeeCord/) build and rename it to __custom.jar__. Then try booting your server again.

## BungeeCord IP Forwarding
Error Message: If you wish to use IP forwarding, please enable it in your BungeeCord config as well!
If this error appears when attempting to connect to your BungeeCord server, you should then edit the configuration file in your proxy server.

Edit the __config.yml__ file, make sure that **ip_forward** is set to **true**.

Simply restart the proxy server upon saving the configuration.

# Errors
## Server Creation Error
There are a vast array of reasons why you may be unable to create a new server.

### Resource Limitation
You may not have enough resources left to create a server which may be caused by the limit of RAM, CPU cores, server slots, etc.

### Node is at Full Compacity
The node for the location you've preferred might have been full.

### Server Creation is Disabled
For the time being, we may have disabled server creation. Simply refer to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/FalixNode) announcements channel.

## Connection Issue
Every now and then you may see an error that says "We're having some trouble connecting to your server, please wait...".
You'll have to keep refreshing the page or wait until the connection is established.
