---
layout: post
title:  "FAQ"
categories: Falix
tags: desktopsoftware
permalink: /falix/software/faq/
---

# FAQ
Q: **Who is the developer of Falix Software?**

A: Falix Software is developed and owned by **Korbs Studio**. To be clear, Korbs Studio owns the code to ONLY Falix Software for desktop and does NOT have ownership over Falix itself.

<br>

Q: **Can I use Falix Software?**

A: It supports Windows 7/8/10/11, macOS Yosemite and up, and Linux. You may be able to run Falix Software on a chromebook as well.

Falix Software is **NOT** available for mobile operating systems like iOS, Android, Windows Mobile, and is not *yet* optimized enough for PureOS(Librem 5 Phone).

<br>

Q: **Where to download?**

A: https://software.falixnodes.net

Q: **Can I download it from somewhere else other than Microsoft Store?**

A: https://updates.korbsstudio.com/falix-software/falixnodes-software-3.2.2.zip or check for latest ZIP file at https://updates.korbsstudio.com

<br>

Q: **How do I update it?**

A: This is done automatically on Windows and Linux. We recommend that you wait at least 1 - 2 minutes for the update to download in the background, or depending on your internet speed.

On macOS, you must manually install each update. You don't have to do this every time; if you want the latest version in general, you may update. This is due to the fact that we need to sign our DMG file in order for updates to function; we are still working on signing the DMG file with our Apple Certificate.

<br>

Q: **There is an error showing up everytime(PTY error) I boot Falix Software on Windows 7, what do I do?**

A: Falix Software's terminal utilizes software that no longer clearly supports Windows 7. This causes the error to display.

Unfortunately Microsoft no longer supports Windows 7, I would not be willing to sort this issue. I propose that you upgrade from Windows 7. If your system is too old to run later versions of Windows, then adopt to Linux or remain with the displayed error.